I think smiling is as important as sunshine. Smiling is like sunshine because it can make people happy and have a good day. If you aren’t happy, you can smile, and then you will feel happy. Someone may say, “But I don’t feel happy.” Then I would say, “Please smile as you do when you are happy or play with your friends happily. You will really be happy again.”
　　Smiling can let you have more friends.So I say, smiling is like a flower. It will give you happiness.
　When I was small, my mother told me that apple was good for my health, because it contained so many vitamins. Since then, I almost eat an apple a day, I fall in love with apple. The apple not only tastes sweet, but also makes my skin look good, there is a saying that once an apple a day, keeps the doctor away. It really happens to me.
　When someone disagrees with you or offends you, don’t lose your temper. Why? Because it is of no use to do so. You ought to be patient and keep calm lest you should quarrel with him. You must know that patience is not cowardice, but a virtue. I hope that everybody practices it.
　　In addition, patience will also bring us success. When you meet with difficulties in your work, it is no use losing heart. You must keepon fighting until the final victory belongs to you.
　One morning a fox sees a cock.He think,"This is my breakfast.
　　He comes up to the cock and says,"I know you can sing very well.Can you sing for me?The cock is glad.He closes his eyes and begins to sing.The fox sees that and catches him in his mouth and carries him away.
　　The people in the field see the fox.They cry,"Look,look!The fox is carrying the cock away.
　　The cock says to the fox,"Mr Fox,do you understand?The people say you are carrying their cock away.Tell them it is yours.Not theirs.
　　The fox opens his mouth and says,"The cock is mine,not yours.Just then the cock runs away from the fox and flies into the tree.
　It’s very hot.. An old man is asleep on the chair.
　　A fly comes and sits on the end of the man’s nose.
　　The old man has a naughty monkey.
　　He chases the fly. The fly comes back again and sits on the old man’s nose again.
　　The monkey chases it away again and again. This happens five or six times. The monkey is very angry.
　　He jumps up, runs to the garden and picks up a large stone.
　　When the fly sits on the old man’s nose again, the monkey hits it hard with the stone. He kills the fly and breaks the old man’s nose.　　After the rain， a difficult spider to the wall has been fragmented network， due to damp walls， it must climb the height， it will fall， which one to climb， repeatedly falling and… No. a person to see， and he sighed to himself： "my life as this spider is not it? busy and no income." Thus， he increasingly depressed. See the second person， he said： this spider really stupid， why do not dry place from the next to climb up to look around? I'll be as stupid as it can not. Thus， he becomes wise up. See the third person， he immediately spiders keep the spirit of war touched. So he has become strong.
　I often go to bed at 21:30, because my parents force me to sleep.
　　They tell me that a good rest can bring me a good body.
　　Before go to sleep, I usually drink a cup of milk. I always have a good sleep at night.
　　I often get up at 6:30. It's very early, but I don't feel tired.
　　I can eat the breakfast at home and do not need to hurry.
　　I am often spirit in the class, but some of my classmates sometime would sleep in the class.
　　Maybe they are short of sleep.